we're all masters in TV Boston Edition
now you all know a huge Mets fan but
we're in Boston
I'm about to go kappa Red Sox at Boca
what the fuck oh yeah we gon we gon this
just goes to show you that you know the
Mets suck New York sucks sorry man
nothing personal
I got a Red Sox alright it looks kind of
nice how do you think resue let's roll
with it what do you think it's not bad
huh is it a good fit I like it I like
yeah that's a classic right there
I mean I guess the rock wall around you
right all right let's do it
let's go wait wait wait you got to get
me buying it all right messaging TV
it's 40 right there let's go
just bought a Red Sox hat in Boston
don't deal of the that's it
yeah we don't sound like yeah what is it
that II don't anything with New York
honey she just Mets Giants Jets Yankees
Rangers so basically biscuits calling me
this is business shooting an episode
right now I just went in Boston in
Boston
we out you know sent out bitch say what
up to uh save it off the tape masters
Inc TV if you don't know you better
everyone seems to like it I'm getting a
good response on that's fine that's
what's up
all right signing off peace out bye